[9:11 AM, 8/26/2016] Emmanuel I: The hope page should carry 1 or 2 slides of their images. I will send you a bunch of logos you can pick from and use as the logo for the wedding.

Below their sliding images in the home page should have the following information:

"TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE"
DATE: 03 December, 2016 (I need to confirm this though)
TIME: 12:00 noon
VENUE : Akwaji James Adaji Compound. Atibilum in Gakem, Bekwarra Local Government Area, Cross River State

"WHITE WEDDING"
DATE: 10 December, 2016
TIME: 10:00 am
VENUE: St. Patrick's Parish, Ikot Ansa, Calabar, Cross River State, Nigeria

RECEPTION FOLLOWS IMMEDIATELY.
AT: Venetian Arena
ADDRESS:  Plot 5, Murtala Mohammed Highway, Beside Industrial Training Fund, Calabar.
[9:13 AM, 8/26/2016] Emmanuel I: Other tabs asides Homepage should be

"Home"
"About Us"
"Reservations"
"Pre-wedding Photos"
"TM Photos"
"Wedding Photos"
"Contact Us"
[9:14 AM, 8/26/2016] Emmanuel I: In the "About Us" write:

"OCHIKS: Jane Akwaji AKA snazzy is a sweet, loving and caring companion. From the day we got talking I just had the feeling she was the one. Although it was a continuous back n fort conversation just to know each other better. I still remember vividly the first day we actually met,she was shy but I guess it's a woman thing. I'm grateful to God that has seen us through this years of trials, and I ask him for his continuous blessing towards this Union."

"JANE: All my life, I have done, say and written what people want me to do, say and write but today, I have to use my own word's, it is funny because I don't even know what to say. It's funny to think back about the first time OCHIKRY ATABEN crossed my path. We probably did not do more than glance at one another though we were both praying for the same thing at the same time. I think there is a word for it and it's call "FATE". OCHIKRY ATABEN is a loving and caring companion, he believes in one thing, that nothing is impossible for you to do and he always tells me that I can do things even when I know I can't. In other words, he is my strength. I am so grateful to God for bringing such a wonderful man to my life and I pray that our father in heaven continue to shower his blessings on our union. Amen".


Below the write up of the "about us" I will send an image for you to add


Under "Reservations"

For hotel bookings please call or message via whatsapp the following numbers

+234 803 558 7335

Available hotels for the event include:

1. Calabar Hospitality House (Former Lush Suites)

2. Hotel 45

3. Axari Hotel

"An early reservation/booking will avoid rush and price hike during that time of the season"

Please add this photo in the "About Us" page, under their write ups

